Lady Luck
is on your side
from LA to Vegas.
What, are you gonna put
a sock on the cockpit door?
Don't cockpit-block me.
Catch all-new episodes Tuesdays.
And check out
our other Fox programs,
The Mick, The Last Man on Earth,
and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
The kids are gonna love it.
Only on Fox.
*
Hey, old girl.
You ready to bend gravity over
and have our way with it?
Hola, amigo.
I'm Hawaiian.
Sorry. Aloha, amigo.
Listen...
Izzy,
we go way back, so I don't mind
saying, you guys are slipping.
Your job is to clean this plane
from soup to nuts,
and you're doing a great job
on the soup,
but the nuts need
a little more attention.
I can't spend my time
cleaning my own cockpit.
Unless any of you know
how to land a plane
and want to switch jobs.
I'm actually
at 1,300 pilot hours, so...
Exactly. So moving forward,
let's see some
of that extra effort.
Kobe!
PILOT :
Jackpot Airlines.
Northeast-bound to Las Vegas.
*
Oh. Look at the bag on this one.
Good luck getting that
in the overhead.
Ugh. Tiny white women have no
idea how much trouble they are.
You're a nightmare.
Pick me up.
This feels like a trap.
Sorry. I'm so sorry.
Awkward introductions.
This is my son, Nate.
He had an accident
and escaped mid-change.
Don't worry,
all the poop's been wiped off.
It's just standard airport filth
on him now.
-If I had knees like that,
I'd never take off my pants.
It's his first time coming
to L.A. with me,
so, as you can see,
it's incredibly stressful.
Oh, well, um, hello, Nate.
-It's nice to meet you.
You're supposed to let them
smell your hand first
so they know you're friendly.
You're thinking of dogs.
You don't have
a lot of experience
with children, do you?
No, but, in middle school,
I did go
to a lot of my friends'
baby showers.
Oh, look, Nate.
There's the pilot. He's gonna be
flying the big plane.
Captain Dave.
Don't do drugs.
Yet.
Um...
Is that my little Nate
Oh, I could just snort you up.
Hi there, big boy.
Do you remember us
from your birthday party?
I'm your Uncle Artem!
Just "Artem" is fine.
What is that behind your ear?
Oh!
Thank...
Aw. He's a natural.
ARTEM :
Yeah.
There he Iz... zy.
Hope you don't mind
the tough love before.
No. In fact, it inspired us.
I feel like we did
an extra good job today.
Good, good. I mean, obviously,
I'll be the judge of that,
but I like the confidence.
Another bit of advice--
when you smile about stuff,
it looks suspicious.
Are you okay?
I can see your body glitter,
but that usual sparkle is gone.
It wasn't a great weekend.
Last night,
I'm at the club
wearing my schoolgirl outfit,
ready to dance,
and the DJ intro'd me by saying,
"Don't worry, guys,
she's legal."
So, legal is no good?
No. Don't you understand?
Before, I was "barely legal."
Now I'm just "legal."
You take out that "barely,"
and I'm just another
middle-aged girl dancing
the brunch shift.
-But, uh...
-Oh, my God,
I can smell the middle age
on me.
It smells of old and death.
No, that's not you.
And I have smelled death before,
and there's relief in it.
This is much worse.
I can taste it.
Don't worry,
I'll get to the bottom of this.
Ronnie!
Yeah, it's rough back there. The
smell has moved up to row eight.
We have to do something.
I can't smell anything
ever since I snorted wasabi
-on a dare. -I'm sorry, Alan,
you should have said "truth."
Does anyone know where the hell
it's coming from?
Have we checked
if anyone brought on...
It's not ethnic food.
Well, one of these stinky
ground-os brought something,
because my boys didn't say
anything about a smell.
-The cleaning crew.
I talked to them this morning.
-There it is.
-Smell explained.
It's not like that.
I came on, gave a pep talk,
shot some hoops.
They called me Kobe.
Well, we can't make people
fly like this.
So, I guess it's time
to make everyone angry.
So sorry.
Thank you for your patience.
Don't worry,
the smell isn't him.
No, I know. This just smells
much better.
-WOMAN:
Flight 237 with nonstop service
to Los Angeles has been delayed
until further notice.
-We apologize for
the inconvenience. -Excuse me.
Uh, the contents
of this briefcase need to be
in Los Angeles by 5:00 p.m.
It should just be a minor delay.
The contents of this briefcase
need to be
in Los Angeles by 5:00 p.m.
Okay. Sit tight.
Uh, Ronnie, hi.
Yeah, I know... I know
the plane has been cleared.
Is there any way I could pop
back on and get something?
-What do you think this is,
September 10? -It's just,
I left Nate's Yellow Bear,
and he's very attached to it.
If he wakes up, it's not there,
he's gonna... have a meltdown.
Can't you just feed him a treat
and rub his belly?
I'm very concerned about your
understanding of human children.
Fine. I will get the bear.
But I want him to know
I'm the hero.
I mean, I don't want hugs
or affection,
but I want the credit.
I will teach him
the concept of credit
and have him direct it
toward you.
RONNIE:
Oh, uh,
I'm sorry,
where are you two going?
Away from the smell.
No, you have to go back in there
and fix it,
since this is your fault.
You're way,
way off base on this.
Those guys love me.
I'm like an inner city principal
that finally got through
to them.
Then it's time
to stand and deliver.
-You still have to
find the smell.
Because you're the captain,
damn it.
And they didn't give you
that title because
you run away from smells--
they gave it to you
because you're a leader.
You're right.
It's all up to Captain Dave.
You played to his ego.
Smart.
And I need you to go in
and help.
You're the only person
I trust to watch him,
with those beautiful,
ageless eyes
that hold the wisdom
of a thousand Oprahs.
I see what you're doing.
And it worked.
Hey.
I'll have what she's having.
Like the movie.
You're Sally, and I'm old
Jewish woman who wants orgasm.
I'm sorry.
My day just keeps getting worse.
The bartender
didn't even card me.
I might as well start wearing
jackets with shoulder pads
and posting on Facebook.
Hey, listen, I have good news.
I'm gonna teach you poker.
You will be natural.
You see,
poker's not just a card game--
it is art.
It requires intuition,
deception,
and sometimes flirting.
Like stripping.
Bingo is your name-o!
Now I will whip out my deck
and teach you
how to play with it.
Which one is bigger number,
seven or ten?
Ten.
You are a fast learner.
Just like Sheldon
on that Big Bang Bazinga show.
Should we touch fists
and make them explode?
Okay.
-Explosion.
Sorry, no bear,
but I did find half a joint,
so I guess I will go see
Cirque du Soleil with Artem.
Oh, Yellow Bear wasn't in there?
Oh, my God.
That means it could be anywhere.
Um, okay, let me think.
Uh, I know I had him
in the Lyft.
The elevator "lift"
or the car "Lyft"?
British people say things weird.
The car Lyft.
I was holding the bear
while Nate finished off
his aubergine Parmesan.
Well, that means
it must be in the airport.
I have to go and find it.
We can't start our first week
together like this.
He'll never want to come back.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
You're not gonna get anywhere
in this place without me,
so I'll-I'll help you find him.
Uh, what do I do about Nate?
Uh... Oh, Alan.
Can you watch Nate
for a little bit?
-Sure. I'm great
with living things. -It's true.
He tried to help his goldfish
find her birth parents.
Perhaps we should be quite quick
about this, then.
Yeah.
If Yellow Bear is anywhere,
he'll be at security.
90% of stuff that gets lost
is left here.
This damn bear
is the bane of my existence.
We never should have given it
to him in the first place.
Stuffed animals only breed
irrational
emotional attachments.
And, if left in the
wrong puddle, diphtheria.
This guy has been left
in several puddles,
and he hasn't given me anything
but kisses and hugs.
What is that?
My irrational
emotional attachment.
His name is Ganz.
Well, actually,
his full name
is Ganz Dieter Ganz.
He's from the German
hinterlands,
and he's a former
Olympic gymnast
who retired to become a coach.
Well, that's funny, 'cause
his tag just says "China."
Would you rather hear
about how my dad traded
all his cigarettes for him
at Wasco State Prison
just so I'd have a date
to my third grade
daddy
I've never met
an Olympian before.
Mm-hmm.
-Hey, Annette. Do you have
a minute? -Oh, Ronnie,
you picked a great day to come.
There are some
very shady characters
we need to keep our eye on.
Oh...
check out this one.
He's trying to smuggle a thermos
in his pants.
Hi, we're looking
for a stuffed yellow bear.
-Um, might have been left here.
Have you seen
anything like that?
Maybe, but they just
did a pickup,
so it'd be
in the TSA vault by now.
Okay, thank you, Annette.
Let's hit the vault.
We're making progress.
We killed the power
to stop air circulation,
and my candles are containing
the smell at row eight.
You really travel
with all these?
I have a very specific
bath-to-bed ritual.
If it's good enough
for Angela Bassett,
it's good enough for me.
RONNIE : No, I don't
want it contained, Bernard.
I want it dead.
Find that smell
before we screw up
the whole day's schedule.
You married three of those?
Bernie, give it to me straight.
You really think
the cleaning crew
did this to me on purpose?
-I do.
Those guys love me.
-They don't. -Well, maybe
not as much as the ground crew.
-They don't, either.
-Okay, but...
They really don't.
You don't even know
what I was gonna say.
It literally
could have been anyone.
You're crazy.
I have a great relationship
with everyone in this airport,
especially the support staff.
I make friendly eye contact,
I give away
my leftovers, I cover them
with newspaper
when they look cold.
Oh, my God. I treat them
like homeless people.
I am a monster.
David, you need to focus.
We have to find the smell.
I will not let these candles
give their lives in vain.
No wonder people don't like me.
I thought I was beloved.
But I'm be-hated.
Wow.
So, this is where all my shampoo
and pointy tweezers end up.
Yep, this place has everything.
It's the best place to go
if you need face creams,
lotions, suspicious vibrators.
It's where I do
all my Christmas shopping.
Really
Excuse me. Holiday shopping.
No, that wasn't the part
I was...
It doesn't matter.
-Ronnie!
-Chuck, hey.
Uh, hello.
What are you two doing here?
Well, this is my poker game
during delays,
and today I bring Nichole.
She's my pupil.
The best way to learn
is to throw her in water,
like baby you want to teach swim
or to get rid of.
NICHOLE:
I see
your Château Lafite Rothschild
and raise you one gold denture
and one koala snow globe.
Are you betting with contraband?
Doesn't this belong to people?
Yeah, people not smart enough
to hide their things
in their tush.
Actually, some of this stuff
has been tushed.
You want to make a bid
on a pair of Yeezys
I took off
some mouthy sixth grader?
No, actually, um,
we're looking for
a stuffed yellow bear.
I think he might have been left
in security.
Narc?
British.
Well, we can check in the back.
Okay, great.
So, uh, how is this organized?
Is there somewhere
we should look first?
Start with that shelf.
If it's not there,
try all the other shelves.
COLIN:
Oh, my God.
RONNIE:
I know. Pretty cool, right?
No. "Oh, my God,"
this is gonna take forever.
Oh, yeah. That, too.
COLIN: Oh, I better call Alan
to check on Nate.
WOMAN : Flight 237
has been further delayed.
Boarding will now begin
at 3:30 p.m.
The contents of this briefcase
need to be in Los Angeles
by 5:00 p.m.
-I got your nose!
No, I got your nose.
: Oh!
I'm all in.
Yes
A flush?
Kimmy Gibbler's Full House?
-Okay, I fold.
-Yes!
I-I totally bluffed you.
Look, I had nothing.
Most of them
weren't even the same color.
-Damn, Artem, she owned you.
-Making money
with your clothes on is fun.
-No more. I'm done.
I will make like
Christian and "Bale."
Move.
Hey, was Nate's bear
hollowed out
and filled with cocaine,
by any chance?
Hmm. Don't believe so.
Then it's none of these.
This is impossible.
We're never gonna find
a small bear.
It's like trying
to find a needle
in a haystack
full of terrible life choices.
Maybe we're looking at this
the wrong way.
We should be using
all this stuff to help us.
How?
Oh! I think I can see something
on that shelf over there.
-I'm on it.
Oh.
*
-No.
I don't know.
It just seems fun.
Hey, guys!
I think they found the bear
over by A16.
I could use your help.
The smell is getting stronger.
And smarter.
What do you want from us?!
Go, Bernard.
Save yourself.
What are you doing?
I'm gonna let it take me.
I understand now,
I am the smell.
I am the unpleasant thing
pushing people away.
All right. I've had enough.
Get... up.
Here's the truth.
Sometimes you can be
condescending, oblivious
and think you're fancier
than you are.
You're like the sorbet
of people.
At least I'm low-fat.
But it's okay.
You can do what I do.
Be your fiercest self
and not care what people think.
Or... I can be better.
I can be the leader
this airline needs.
Tell me honestly, Bernie.
Do you like me?
I don't hate you, and that's
the most I could like anyone.
Do you want to talk about it?
I've been playing poker
for 40 years,
and in one hour,
you have surpassed me.
Artem is in retrograde.
No, you should feel good.
It means you're a good teacher.
It means that I wasted my life.
All those hours I could have
been with my six daughters.
I live for those beautiful
11 eyes.
Now those eyes
will only see failure.
I think it was just
beginner's luck. I promise.
You know, I bet if we played
again, you'd totally win.
No, I'm like an old greyhound
whose hips have gone bad.
Might as well take me to the
kitchen, cook me for dinner.
Come on, just one more game.
All right?
Winner take all.
Shuffle up and deal.
Okay.
But this time,
we play with chips.
Hold the salsa.
RONNIE: Oh, there's Yellow Bear!
Over there!
-Over there.
-Yellow Bear!
-Sir.
-No.
-ANNETTE: Please.
-RONNIE: A-Annette, that's,
-that's his son's bear. -Step
back. It's out of my hands.
It's been unattended
for too long
and it's marked for elimination.
What does that mean
-WOMAN: Oh, God.
COLIN:
Uh...
Mm-hmm.
I could only find one eye,
but this purple Skittle
will pass
for the other one, right?
Oh, it's okay, Colin.
Yellow Bear is in
a better place now.
Several better places.
I mean, what kind of monster
lets this happen
to his son's favorite toy?
Hey, I... I don't know
much about kids,
but I do know that what's better
than having a yellow bear
is having a dad who's willing
to run all around the airport
trying to find it.
I'm sorry.
I know you're trying to help,
but, um,
I didn't find it in time.
And that's all Nate's
gonna care about.
Oh, you just have a chunk
of his face...
Never mind.
Hey, what's going on?
Nichole's giving Artem one last
chance to win back his money.
With the plane.
What's going on with the plane?
Dave said he could
handle it himself.
I called him sorbet
and he took it very personally.
Don't you call me sorbet?
No, honey, you're sherbet.
I'm going all in.
*
I call.
Okay.
-Trip kings.
You got me.
Looks like the student
has become the student.
Oh, there's my boy.
:
Shh. Daddy.
Where's Yellow Bear?
ARTEM:
Whup.
No, no, no.
I'll get check.
It's the least I can do
since you let me win.
-No, I didn't let you win.
-Whatever you say.
But me and my five daughters,
we appreciate it.
You said you had six daughters.
Did I?
Wha...?
Wait, you said all of that so...
No, but you were so sad.
Well, I can bring sadness
on command.
I've seen many people
being ripped apart by horses.
You may be good at cards,
but you have a lot to learn
about hustling.
Lesson number one, listen.
The game is happening
even if the cards are not out.
So, um,
got to talk to you about, uh,
Yellow Bear.
Um...
How do I put this?
Um, you know how we don't
see Grandma anymore?
-Hey, Nate.
-Well...
So, it turns out,
Yellow Bear got a spot
on Heaven's Olympic team,
but he sent his
very special friend
to keep you company.
And if it's okay,
-he'd like to come and live
with you. -I love him.
I'm gonna call him
Purple Elephant.
Ganz. His name is Ganz Dieter
Ganz, so call him that.
Okay.
He's been around
for a long time,
and he took care of me
through some very tough times,
so I know he will
take good care of you.
That was an incredibly
kind gesture.
I can't imagine how hard
that must have been for you.
Thank you so much.
You know, especially as you
could have just given him
any one of the stuffed animals
from the vault.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
-The contents...
-Of this briefcase
will be in Los Angeles
by 5:00 p.m.
Now sit down!
If not, I'll just take
my chances with the cartel.
Great.
-Sorry to bother you.
-Mm-hmm.
Amigos, I owe you an apology.
I haven't been treating you
with the respect
that you deserve.
You're my engines on the ground,
and my behavior
should reflect that.
So, from now on,
I promise you'll be seeing
a whole new Captain Dave.
We appreciate this,
but we're not the guys
who clean your plane.
You think I'm Izzy, don't you?
Uh-huh, okay, in that case,
these aren't
"I'm sorry" pastries,
they're "let's keep this
between us" pastries.
So did you fix it?
I'm oh-for-three
on my apology tour.
Well, the bakery's
out of bear claws.
We're gonna need a new plane.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've hit the jackpot
with LA to Vegas.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
It's time we fly
this old bird.
* It feels good *
MULDER: I want to believe.
I would just like to see.
I can help you.
* It feels good *
-You want to do
the honors, Alan?
-Yeah!
No, you never
touch this.
* You know it feels good *
-* It feels good *
* Oh, you know it feels good *
Let's do it.
Everything you thought
you knew about medicine
is wrong.
Unbelievable.
* It feels good *